Update the book (#921)
knurling-rs/defmt: book/src/defmt-versions.md

# Defmt Versions

> Any given version of the `defmt` crate will implement one specific *Defmt
> Version* - also known as the *wire format version*. Because a compilation can
> only use one version of the `defmt` crate, each compilation will use a
> consistent *Defmt Version*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any given version of the `defmt` crate will implement one specific *Defmt
Version* - also known as the *wire format version*. Because one compilation can
only use one version of the `defmt` crate, all crates in your dependency tree
must use a consistent *Defmt Version*.
```

Author: I think I meant it how I wrote it.

Reviewer: Okay. To me that reads a bit confusing but maybe I am just not used to the terms.

**Note**: Changing the *Defmt Version* used in the `defmt` crate will be a minor version change (e.g. from 1.0.0 to 1.1.0). If you wish to remain on a specific *Defmt Version* for compatibility with older versions of `defmt-decoder` and `defmt-print`, you should pin your `defmt` crate to a specific release.

The *Defmt Version* used in any given ELF file is expressed using symbol (listed below).

The `defmt-decoder` crate supports multiple *Defmt Version* values, and so can
work with newer and older firmware.

This is a list of *Defmt Version* values and what they mean.

## Defmt Version 4

- Supported by defmt-decoder versions: 0.3.6 onwards
- Supported by defmt-print versions: 0.3.6 onwards
- Supported by defmt versions: 0.3.4 onwards
- Symbol name: `_defmt_version_ = 4`
- Interned strings are JSON, with fields:
  - `package`: the name of the package (as defined in `Cargo.toml`) that emitted the log
  - `tag`: one of `defmt_prim`, `defmt_fmt`, `defmt_str`, `defmt_trace`, `defmt_debug`, `defmt_info`, `defmt_warn`, or `defmt_error`
  - `data`: the format string
  - `disambiguator`: a unique random number

>   - `crate_name`: the crate the emitted the log (might not be the package name if this is a binary within a package)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `crate_name`: the crate that emitted the log (might not be the package name if this is a binary within a package)
```

- Supported encodings:
  - RZCOBS: noted by presence of the symbol `_defmt_encoding_ = rzcobs`
  - RAW: noted by presence of the symbol `_defmt_encoding_ = raw`

> - Withdrawal notice: This version will be supported in new releases of the `defmt-decoder` and `defmt-print` crates for at least the next 24 months, on a rolling basis. Notice will be given here when that 24 month period begins.

Reviewer: There are no legal obligations by stating that, are there?

Author: Let's check on Zulip.

## Defmt Version 3

- First stable wire format (before that we used crate versions / git hashes)
- Supported by defmt versions: 0.3.0 to 0.3.3
- Interned strings are JSON, with fields:
  - `package`: the name of the package (as defined in `Cargo.toml`) that emitted the log
  - `tag`: one of `defmt_prim`, `defmt_fmt`, `defmt_str`, `defmt_trace`, `defmt_debug`, `defmt_info`, `defmt_warn`, or `defmt_error`
  - `data`: the format string
  - `disambiguator`: a unique random number
- Symbol name: `_defmt_version_ = 3`
- Withdrawal notice: This version will be supported in new releases of the `defmt-decoder` and `defmt-print` crates for at least the next 12 months, on a rolling basis. Notice will be given here when that 12 month period begins.

> ## PUA Defmt Versions

Reviewer: Private Use A...? What does the a stand for?

Reviewer: Found it myself: [Unicode Private Use Area](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_Use_Areas).
